# Reproducible-data-analysis-project
UC_10157_Project

This repository is for an assignment of university of canberra - 10157 Applied Data Analysis in Sport.

## Project Background

I am a data analyst with the Chicago Bulls competing in the NBA (national basketball association). 
In the most recent NBA season (2018-19), my team placed 27th out of 30 (for win-loss record). My team's budget for player contracts next season  is $118 million, ranked 26th out of 30 (2019-20 NBA Season).

## Project Aims
Find the best five staring players for each position(PG, SG, SF, PF, C).
I need to ensure that these five players salarys can not spend all budget.
The rest of the money still need to fill a full team roster.

## Directory Description
This repository 3 directories and other 2 useful documents.
### 1. data: 
*1-1.* raw: all 5 raw data sets & 1 pdf document, which provides a description of each of the data sets.
*1-2.* processed: all data files that I processed, such as combined players' data and candidates data file.
         
### 2. figs: figures and pictures I used, most of them are generated by R.

### 3. R: This directory holds all the code files. 
*3-1. *  1_Tidying_Transforming.R : the code about reading, tidying and transforming raw data.
*3-2. * 2_1_Exploratory_Teams_Data.R : the code I used to do the exploratory team data analysis
*3-3. * 2_2_Exploratory_Players_Data.R :  the code I used to do the exploratory player data analysis
*3-4. * 3_Modelling.R : Modelling test code and the code of applying model

### 4. Report.RMD: this file contains the code I generated my final report

### 5. Report.html: My final report of this project, which contains the results and explanations of the analysis.







